Building Interactive Authorization on top of first party apps draft (#736)
openid/OpenID4VCI: 1.1/openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_1.md

# Authorization Endpoint {#authorization-endpoint}

> Authorization is obtained using the `authorization_code` grant type defined in [@!RFC6749], optionally with either PAR ((#pushed-authorization-request)) or the Interactive Authorization (#interactive-authorization). Implementers SHOULD follow the best current practices for OAuth 2.0 Security given in [@!BCP240], see (#securitybcp). This includes the use of mechanisms like PKCE to prevent authorization code interception attacks and Pushed (or Interactive) Authorization Requests to ensure the integrity and authenticity of the authorization request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authorization is obtained using the `authorization_code` grant type defined in [@!RFC6749], optionally with either PAR ((#pushed-authorization-request)) or Interactive Authorization (#interactive-authorization). Implementers SHOULD follow the best current practices for OAuth 2.0 Security given in [@!BCP240], see (#securitybcp). This includes the use of mechanisms like PKCE to prevent authorization code interception attacks and Pushed (or Interactive) Authorization Requests to ensure the integrity and authenticity of the authorization request.
```

### Pushed Authorization Request {#pushed-authorization-request}

> Use of Pushed Authorization Requests or the Interactive Authorization (see (#interactive-authorization) is RECOMMENDED to ensure confidentiality, integrity, and authenticity of the request data and to avoid issues caused by large requests sizes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use of Pushed Authorization Requests or Interactive Authorization (see (#interactive-authorization) is RECOMMENDED to ensure confidentiality, integrity, and authenticity of the request data and to avoid issues caused by large requests sizes.
```

  &error_description=Unsupported%20response_type%20value
```

# Interactive Authorization {#interactive-authorization}

This section defines a profile for the OAuth 2.0 for First-Party Applications specification [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps], enabling complex authentication and authorization flows where interaction occurs directly with the Wallet rather than being intermediated by a browser.

> A primary use case is requiring the Presentation of a Credential as a prerequisite for issuing a new Credential.

Reviewer 2: I think the first section should mention that this profile is not a "first party" use case, but in the third party context.

Reviewer 2: The profile should have a short summary of the additions/changes over vanilla FiPA:
- third party context
- adding interaction_types negotiation
- registering two interaction types: openID4VP & redirect_to_web
- allowing for custom interaction types

Author: ```suggestion
A primary use case is requiring the Presentation of a Credential as a prerequisite for issuing a new Credential.
This profile introduces an interaction type negotiation mechanism and registers two initial interaction types: one enabling credential presentation, and another allowing the authorization flow to continue within a browser. This profile is also extensible, permitting the introduction of custom interaction types.
Interactive Authorization typically involves a third-party scenario where the Wallet Provider and the Authorization Server are distinct entities. Consequently, the trust mechanisms specified in this specification and in [@!OpenID4VP] SHOULD be established to mitigate security and privacy risks.
```

@paulbastian what about this?

> Support for this profile is OPTIONAL.

Reviewer 3: We probably need to add some text about whether Issuers can support First-Party Application profiles outside of this one, particularly as we are using publishing the `authorization_challenge_endpoint` as the means of demonstrating support. 

So adding something like 'Issuers that support First-Party Applications specifications MUST use this profile' (my preference) OR add an issuer metadata independent to the endpoint to indicate support for this profile (i.e supports_interactive_authorization boolean).

Reviewer: Good point, though it's not clear to me how supporting additional profiles could break anything (unless the other profile e.g. makes something required that is normally optional). The negotiation of interaction types should prevent any issues with supporting other things on the same server that wallets can't use.
Are there other things that might conflict?

Reviewer 2: I would rather say support for Interactive Authorization  **endpoint** is OPTIONAL. We have text lateron about custom types

Reviewer 2: wg call:
- intention is that Interactive Authorization as defined in this section is OPTIONAL, but if you use it, there are some mandatory requirements
- avoid profile or endpoint
- optionality within HAIP should be considered, as it makes presentation during issuance more secure
- profiles may make Interactive Authorization mandatory, especially certain interaction_types
- should we make it clear that it is optional for issuer and wallet?

```suggestion
Support for Interactive Authorization is OPTIONAL.
```

> The Authorization Server indicates support for interactive authorization by publishing the `authorization_challenge_endpoint` parameter in its Authorization Server Metadata as defined in (#as-metadata).

Reviewer: We are capitalizing it everywhere else:
```suggestion
The Authorization Server indicates support for Interactive Authorization by publishing the `authorization_challenge_endpoint` parameter in its Authorization Server Metadata as defined in (#as-metadata).
```

> The following figure illustrates a flow using the Interactive Authorization, where the Authorization Server requests a Presentation (of another Credential) from the Wallet as part of the authorization process to issue a Credential to that Wallet. The exact deployment model of the OpenID4VP Verifier in relation to the Authorization Server is out of scope of this specification. It can be integrated into the Authorization Server or a separate component, in which case backchannel communication between the Verifier and Authorization Server would need to happen (not shown here).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following figure illustrates a flow using Interactive Authorization, where the Authorization Server requests a Presentation (of another Credential) from the Wallet as part of the authorization process to issue a Credential to that Wallet. The exact deployment model of the OpenID4VP Verifier in relation to the Authorization Server is out of scope of this specification. It can be integrated into the Authorization Server or a separate component, in which case backchannel communication between the Verifier and Authorization Server would need to happen (not shown here).
```

 +-----------+            +----------------------+     +--------------------+
       |                              |                        |
       |                              |                        |
       |----------------------------->|  (1) Authorization     |
       |                              |      Challenge         |
       |                              |      Request           |
       |                              |                        |
       |                              |                        |
       |<-----------------------------|  (2) Authorization     |
       |                              |      Challenge         |
       |                              |      Error Response   |

>        |                              |      (insufficient_authorization

Reviewer: I'm actually not a 100% sure, but I think there should be a comma here?
```suggestion
       |                              |      (insufficient_authorization,
```

       |<------------------------------------------------------|
~~~
!---
Figure: Issuance with Interactive Authorization using the Authorization Challenge Endpoint

## Authorization Challenge Request {#authorization-challenge-request}

The Interactive Authorization process is initiated by the client sending an Initial Request, as defined in (#initial-request), to the Authorization Server, which specifies the supported interactive types.
The client subsequently sends intermediate requests, as defined in (#intermediate-request), to provide additional data to the Authorization Server.

Note: In case a Wallet Attestation is required by the Authorization Server, it has to be included in this request.

### Initial Request {#initial-request}

> In addition to the request parameters defined in Section 5.1 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps], the Authorization Server sends the additional parameter below.

Reviewer 4: The Wallet initiates the request, not the Authorization Server. Also, "in addition" and "additional parameter" sound redundant.

```suggestion
In addition to the request parameters defined in Section 5.1 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps], this profile defines the following request parameter for the initial Authorization Challenge Request.
```

> In addition to the request parameters defined in Section 5.1 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps], the Authorization Server defines the additional parameters below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the request parameters defined in Section 5.1 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps], the Authorization Server sends the additional parameter below.
```

&interaction_types_supported=urn%3Aopenid%3Adcp%3Aiae%3Aopenid4vp_presentation%2Curn%3Aopenid%3Adcp%3Aiae%3Aredirect_to_web
```

The following non-normative example shows an initial request to the Authorization Challenge Endpoint with a signed request object:

```http

> POST /ace HTTP/1.1

Reviewer: For consistency, we might want to use the same example endpoint as FPA:

```suggestion
POST /authorize-challenge HTTP/1.1
```

      "credential_configuration_id": "UniversityDegreeCredential"
    }
  ],
  "interaction_types_supported": "urn:openid:dcp:ia:openid4vp_presentation,urn:openid:dcp:ia:redirect_to_web"
}
```

### Intermediate Request {#intermediate-request}

> In addition to the request parameters defined in Section 5.3 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps], the client adds parameters that are in response to the interaction type the Authorization Server requested in the most recent response. The specific parameters are defined by each interaction type.

Reviewer: Might make it clearer:
```suggestion
In addition to the request parameters defined in Section 5.3 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps], the Wallet adds parameters that are in response to the interaction type the Authorization Server requested in the most recent response. The specific parameters are defined by each interaction type.
```

## Authorization Challenge Response
Upon receiving an Authorization Challenge Request, the Authorization Server determines whether the Authorization Request is syntactically and semantically correct and whether the information provided by the Wallet so far is sufficient to grant authorization for the Credential issuance.
The response to an Authorization Challenge Request is an HTTP message with the content type `application/json` and a JSON document in the body that indicates either

>  1. that user interaction is required, either a Presentation or a custom interaction, as defined in (#ia-interaction-required-response), or

Reviewer: This was already present in the existing language, but we should probably also mention redirects here since they're defined in the spec:

```suggestion
 1. that user interaction is required, either a Presentation, a redirect to web or a custom interaction, as defined in (#ia-interaction-required-response), or
```

 2. a successful completion of the authorization, as defined in Section 5.2.1 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps], or
 3. an error as defined in Section 5.2.2 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps], including the additional error codes defined in (#ia-error-response).

> ### Interaction Required Response {#ia-interaction-required-response}

Reviewer: Might consider renaming this to "Insufficient Authorization" to match FPA. Though on the other hand it might be clearer to define our own term that is more specific to our use case. Should probably discuss in the WG.

Author: i would stick with Interaction Required to match our introduced  parameters `interaction_type_required` `interaction_types_supported`

Reviewer: Makes sense to me, though I still think input from others would be valuable.

> By setting `error_code` to `insufficient_authorization` in the response with HTTP response code 401 `Unauthorized`, the Authorization Server requests an additional user interaction.

Reviewer 2: HTTP 401 differs from FiPA

```suggestion
By setting `error_code` to `insufficient_authorization` in the response with HTTP response code 400 `Bad Request`, the Authorization Server requests an additional user interaction.
```

Reviewer 2: wg call:
- http 401 could make sense to differentiate real errors (400) from insufficient authorization (401)
- should be raised to FiPA

Author: I would also prefer 401, as used in the example [B.2 in FiPA](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-ietf-oauth-first-party-apps-03.html#appendix-B.2)

[here](https://github.com/oauth-wg/oauth-first-party-apps/issues/177) the related FiPA issue, raised by @paulbastian

In this case, the following keys MUST be present in the response as well:

> * `interaction_type_required`: REQUIRED. String indicating which type of interaction is required, as defined below. The Authorization Server MUST NOT set this to a value that was not included in the `interaction_types_supported` parameter sent by the Wallet.

Reviewer: Might make sense to add a reference to the error response here, as the Issuer should error out with `missing_interaction_type` if the Wallet does not support what it needs.

Author: ```suggestion
* `interaction_type_required`: REQUIRED. String indicating which type of interaction is required, as defined below. The Authorization Server MUST set this to a value that was included in the `interaction_types_supported` parameter sent by the Wallet. If the Authorization Server cannot fulfill the request using any of the supported types, it MUST reject the request with an Authorization Challenge Error Response, as defined in (#ia-error-response).
```

@fkj what about this?

Reviewer: Looks good to me!

* `auth_session`: REQUIRED. As defined in Section 5.2.2 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps]

> If a Wallet receives a `interaction_type_required` value that it does not recognize, it MUST abort the issuance process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Wallet receives an `interaction_type_required` value that it does not recognize, it MUST abort the issuance process.
```

> If a Wallet receives a `interaction_type_required` value that it does not recognize, it MUST abort the issuance process.

Reviewer: I think support might be a better word than recognize here:
```suggestion
If a Wallet receives a `interaction_type_required` value that it does not support, it MUST abort the issuance process.
```

Additional keys are defined based on the type of interaction, as shown next.

#### Require Presentation {#ia-require-presentation}

If `interaction_type_required` is set to `urn:openid:dcp:ia:openid4vp_presentation`, as shown in the following example, the response MUST further include an `openid4vp_request` parameter containing an OpenID4VP Authorization Request. The contents of the request is the same as for requests passed to the Digital Credentials API (see Appendix A.2 and Appendix A.3 of [@!OpenID4VP]), except as follows:

* The `response_mode` MUST be either `ia_post` for unencrypted responses or `ia_post.jwt` for encrypted responses. These modes are used to indicate to the Wallet to return the response back to the same Authorization Challenge Endpoint.

> * If `expected_origins` is present, it MUST contain only the derived Origin of the Authorization Challenge Endpoint as defined in Section 4 in [@RFC6454]. For example, the derived Origin from `https://example.com/ace` is `https://example.com`.

Reviewer: Again, might make sense to align examples with FPA for clarity:
```suggestion
* If `expected_origins` is present, it MUST contain only the derived Origin of the Authorization Challenge Endpoint as defined in Section 4 in [@RFC6454]. For example, the derived Origin from `https://example.com/authorize-challenge` is `https://example.com`.
```

The following is a non-normative example of an unsigned Authorization Request:

```

> HTTP/1.1 401 Unauthorized

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request
```

Content-Type: application/json
Cache-Control: no-store

> {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{
  "error": "insufficient_authorization",
```

* `auth_session`: REQUIRED. As defined in Section 5.2.2 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps]

If a Wallet receives an `interaction_type_required` value that it does not support, it MUST abort the issuance process.

Additional keys are defined based on the type of interaction, as shown next.

#### Require Presentation {#ia-require-presentation}

If `interaction_type_required` is set to `urn:openid:dcp:ia:openid4vp_presentation`, as shown in the following example, the response MUST further include an `openid4vp_request` parameter containing an OpenID4VP Authorization Request. The contents of the request is the same as for requests passed to the Digital Credentials API (see Appendix A.2 and Appendix A.3 of [@!OpenID4VP]), except as follows:

> * The `response_mode` MUST be either `ia_post` for unencrypted responses or `ia_post.jwt` for encrypted responses. These modes are used to indicate to the Wallet to return the response back to the same Authorization Challenge Endpoint.

Reviewer: editorial nit, I think the second sentence is a bit too vague. What about something like this?
```suggestion
* The `response_mode` MUST be either `ia_post` for unencrypted responses or `ia_post.jwt` for encrypted responses. When the Wallet receives one of these response modes, it MUST send its response to the same Authorization Challenge Endpoint.
```

> * If `expected_origins` is present, it MUST contain only the derived Origin of the Authorization Challenge Endpoint as defined in Section 4 in [@RFC6454]. For example, the derived Origin from `https://example.com/authorize-challenge` is `https://example.com`.

Reviewer: editorial nit:

```suggestion
* If `expected_origins` is present, it MUST contain only the derived Origin of the Authorization Challenge Endpoint as defined in Section 4 of [@RFC6454]. For example, the derived Origin from `https://example.com/authorize-challenge` is `https://example.com`.
```

The following is a non-normative example of a signed Authorization Request:

```

> HTTP/1.1 401 Unauthorized

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request
```

Content-Type: application/json
Cache-Control: no-store

> {

Author: ```suggestion
{
  "error": "insufficient_authorization",
```

The Authorization Challenge Request, which is used to submit the OpenID4VP Authorization Response MUST satisfy the requirements set out in (#intermediate-request). In addition to these requirements, the request MUST also contain the `openid4vp_response` parameter. The value of the `openid4vp_response` parameter is a JSON-encoded object that encodes the OpenID4VP Authorization Response parameters. In the case of an error it instead encodes the Authorization Error Response parameters. When the `response_mode` is `ia_post.jwt` the OpenID4VP Authorization Response MUST be encrypted according to Section 8.3 of [@!OpenID4VP].

> The following us an example non-normative example of a Authorization Challenge Request containing an OpenID4VP Authorization Response:

Reviewer: Already existing typo + repetition, but might as well fix:

```suggestion
The following is a non-normative example of a Authorization Challenge Request containing an OpenID4VP Authorization Response:
```

```http

> POST /ace HTTP/1.1

Reviewer: Aligning with FPA:
```suggestion
POST /authorize-challenge HTTP/1.1
```

Note: This mechanism can only be used for interactions with the same Wallet that started the issuance process.

#### Redirect to Web {#ia-redirect-to-web}

> If the type is `urn:openid:dcp:ia:redirect_to_web`, the Authorization Server is indicating that the authorization process must continue via interactions with the user in a web browser. This interaction type differs from what is defined in Section 5.2.2.1.1 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps] in the way that this step can be used multiple times in any place in the authorization process.

Reviewer: There's probably a better way to explain the difference conceptually, but I don't know what it is right now.
Something focusing on:
- In FPA, the point is to optimize the UX by bringing the entire auth flow into the app, and the redirect to web is basically just a fallback for redirecting to a regular OAuth server
- For us, it's not an edge case and basically just a way to do "something" on the web. We don't really care what it is as long as the issuer is happy. If combined with deferred credential response it could even be filling out a form or something, then doing some stuff out of band.
- There's no way to "keep going" after a redirect in FPA, but for us it's a step like any other.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I think the key here is to say something like 'this is used as a step in the interactive authorization process, while Section 5.2.2.1.1 is a fallback to traditional that replaces the entirety of the Interactive Authorization process.`

> If the type is `urn:openid:dcp:ia:redirect_to_web`, the Authorization Server is indicating that the authorization process must continue via interactions with the user in a web browser. This is used as a step in the interactive authorization process, while Section 5.2.2.1.1 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps] is a fallback to traditional authorization that replaces the entirety of the Interactive Authorization process.

Reviewer 2: @gffletch suggesting to change "redirect_to_web" to something else to make it more different from FiPA

Author: changed to `auth_via_web`

Note: This mechanism can only be used for interactions with the same Wallet that started the issuance process.

> #### Auth via Web {#ia-auth-via-web}

Reviewer: editorial suggestion:

```suggestion
#### Authorization via Web {#ia-auth-via-web}
```

> If the type is `urn:openid:dcp:ia:auth_via_web`, the Authorization Server is indicating that the authorization process must continue via interactions with the user in a web browser. This is used as a step in the interactive authorization process, while Section 5.2.2.1.1 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps] is a fallback to traditional authorization that replaces the entirety of the Interactive Authorization process.

Reviewer: editorial:
```suggestion
If the type is `urn:openid:dcp:ia:auth_via_web`, the Authorization Server is indicating that the authorization process must continue via interactions with the user in a web browser. This is used as a step in the interactive authorization process, while Section 5.2.2.1.1 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps] defines a fallback to traditional authorization that replaces the entirety of the Interactive Authorization process.
```

Non-normative Example:

```

> HTTP/1.1 403 Unauthorized

Reviewer 2: not sure about this one

> HTTP/1.1 403 Unauthorized

Author: ```suggestion
HTTP/1.1 401 Unauthorized
```

Content-Type: application/json
Cache-Control: no-store

{

>   "interaction_type_required": "urn:openid:dcp:ia:redirect_to_web",

Author: ```suggestion
  "error": "insufficient_authorization",
  "interaction_type_required": "urn:openid:dcp:ia:redirect_to_web",
```

To ensure the security of the `urn:openid:dcp:ia:redirect_to_web` flow, the redirect URI MUST be an `https` URL as per Section 7.2 of [@!RFC8252]. The Wallet MUST NOT use an embedded user-agent to perform the `urn:openid:dcp:ia:redirect_to_web` flow. The considerations in Section 8.12 of [@!RFC8252] apply. Platform-specific implementation details are provided in Appendix B of the same document.

A non-normative example of a follow-up request featuring PKCE:

```

> POST /ace HTTP/1.1

Reviewer: Aligned with FPA:
```suggestion
POST /authorize-challenge HTTP/1.1
```

Host: server.example.com
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

auth_session=wxroVrBY2MCq4dDNGXACS&code_verifier=avjebhrnqwketh
```

#### Custom Interaction Extensions {#ia-custom-extensions}

Additional, custom types of interactions MAY be defined by extensions of this specification to enable other types of interactions, for example, by interacting with a smart card. Such an extension MUST use a collision-resistant URN for their respective type identifier.
It is RECOMMENDED to use this extension point instead of modifying the OAuth protocol in order to facilitate interactions that require interactions with native components of the Wallet application.
See (#ia-security) for additional security considerations.

In the following non-normative example, this extension point is used to read the Betelgeuse Intergalactic ID card through an NFC interface in the Wallet. A token called `biic_token` is used to start the process.

```

> HTTP/1.1 403 Unauthorized

Author: ```suggestion
HTTP/1.1 401 Unauthorized
```

Content-Type: application/json
Cache-Control: no-store

{

>   "interaction_type_required": "urn:galaxysdo:ia:betelgeuse_intergalactic_id_card",

Author: ```suggestion
  "error": "insufficient_authorization",
  "interaction_type_required": "urn:galaxysdo:ia:betelgeuse_intergalactic_id_card",
```

}
```

#### Preventing Session Fixation Attacks {#ia-security}

Authorization Servers MUST ensure that the user interaction (OpenID4VP presentation, redirect to web, or a custom interaction) is securely bound to the authorization process in order avoid Session Fixation Attacks as described in Section 14.2 of [@!OpenID4VP].
This can be achieved by securely linking all requests following the initial Authorization Challenge Request.
For OpenID4VP presentations, the Authorization Server MUST associate the `nonce` value used in the Presentation with the `auth_session` value and verify that the Presentation delivered from the Wallet to the Verifier uses the same nonce.

Custom extensions ((#ia-custom-extensions)) MUST ensure an equivalent binding.
Authorization Servers can usually achieve this by providing a nonce for use in the custom process (`biic_token` in the example above) and either only responding to the Authorization Challenge Request Endpoint (as done by (#ia-require-presentation)) or returning a non-predictable value from the process to the  Authorization Challenge Endpoint that can be verified.

#### Preventing Forwarding of Interactive Authorization Presentation Requests

> In ecosystems with multiple Authorization Servers that may potentially use the Interactive Authorization, there is a risk that a malicious (or compromised) Authorization Server forwards an Authorization Challenge Response containing a Interaction Required Response that it itself has acquired from another Authorization Server.

Reviewer: editorial:
```suggestion
In ecosystems with multiple Authorization Servers that may potentially use Interactive Authorization, there is a risk that a malicious (or compromised) Authorization Server forwards an Authorization Challenge Response containing a Interaction Required Response that it itself has acquired from another Authorization Server.
```

This may lead to the malicious Authorization Server gaining access to Credentials issued by the other Authorization Server without the End-User's consent.

Custom extensions ((#ia-custom-extensions)) MUST ensure that this attack is prevented by ensuring one or both of the following:

 1. The Wallet is able to detect that a request is not presented by the party that initiated the Authorization Challenge Request. In the case of the (#ia-require-presentation) interaction with a signed Presentation request, this is achieved by the Wallet verifying the `expected_origins` parameter in the request, which contains the derived Origin of the Authorization Challenge Endpoint that initiated the request.

>  2. The Authorization Server is able to detect that the request was forwarded to a different endpoint. In the case of the (#ia-require-presentation) interaction, this is achieved for both signed and unsigned requests by the binding the Authorization Challenge Endpoint to the Verifiable Presentation (see "Interactive Authorization Binding" sections under (#format-profiles)), which is then verified by the Authorization Server.

Reviewer: editorial:
```suggestion
 2. The Authorization Server is able to detect that the request was forwarded to a different endpoint. In the case of the (#ia-require-presentation) interaction, this is achieved for both signed and unsigned requests by binding the Authorization Challenge Endpoint to the Verifiable Presentation (see "Interactive Authorization Binding" sections under (#format-profiles)), which is then verified by the Authorization Server.
```

### Authorization Challenge Error Response {#ia-error-response}

> In addition to the error processing rules defined in Section 5.2.2.1 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps] and Section 2.3 of [@RFC9126], this specification defines the following error codes:

Reviewer: just one, right?

```suggestion
In addition to the error processing rules defined in Section 5.2.2.1 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-first-party-apps] and Section 2.3 of [@RFC9126], this specification defines the following error code:
```

<{{examples/issuer_jwks.json}}

#### Interactive Authorization Binding {#ia-binding-jwt-vc-json}

> To bind the Interactive Authorization to a Verifiable Presentation using the Credential Format defined in this section, the `aud` claim value MUST be set to the Authorization Challenge Endpoint, prefixed with `ia:` (e.g., `ia:https://example.com/ace`).

Reviewer: Aligning with FPA:
```suggestion
To bind the Interactive Authorization to a Verifiable Presentation using the Credential Format defined in this section, the `aud` claim value MUST be set to the Authorization Challenge Endpoint, prefixed with `ia:` (e.g., `ia:https://example.com/authorize-challenge`).
```

<{{examples/credential_response_ldp_vc.txt}}

#### Interactive Authorization Binding {#ia-binding-ldp-vc}

> To bind the Interactive Authorization to a Verifiable Presentation using the Credential Format defined in this section, the `domain` claim value MUST be set to the Authorization Challenge Endpoint, prefixed with `ia:` (e.g., `ia:https://example.com/ace`).

Reviewer: Aligning with FPA:
```suggestion
To bind the Interactive Authorization to a Verifiable Presentation using the Credential Format defined in this section, the `domain` claim value MUST be set to the Authorization Challenge Endpoint, prefixed with `ia:` (e.g., `ia:https://example.com/authorize-challenge`).
```

<{{examples/credential_response_sd_jwt_vc.txt}}

### Interactive Authorization Binding {#ia-binding-sd-jwt-vc}

> To bind the Interactive Authorization to a Verifiable Presentation using the Credential Format defined in this section, the `aud` claim in the Key Binding JWT MUST be set to the derived Origin (as defined in (#ia-require-presentation)) of the Authorization Challenge Endpoint, prefixed with `ia:` (e.g., `ia:https://example.com/ace`).

Reviewer: Aligning with FPA:
```suggestion
To bind the Interactive Authorization to a Verifiable Presentation using the Credential Format defined in this section, the `aud` claim in the Key Binding JWT MUST be set to the derived Origin (as defined in (#ia-require-presentation)) of the Authorization Challenge Endpoint, prefixed with `ia:` (e.g., `ia:https://example.com/authorize-challenge`).
```
